to pull the strings of this evening in
thanks to so many great successes
people waiting for their shirt
dreaming of the player's jacket
heart and then a result even more
important compared to other years
because the first estimate we made
the collection exceeds 2,500 euros we are
around 2006, and I remember something
last year they closed around the
1800 so in short a real one
success is the signal that people have a
really big heart and above all that
Stefano Borgonovo is still left
really in the head of everyone's soul
those images that he himself wanted
always disclose no one of one
person who suffered hamas offered to
smiling with the desire of anyway
always communicate with the outside world
despite everything he had
in short, in my opinion he really left
the sign
he called me first chantal borgonovo
clearly not at this time yet
desire to be around people was
code the children is recovering sta
recovering but next year has me
promised that it will be here because among other things
also the alexandra daughter who plays
very well to tennis will be the tournament of
tennis dedicated to the pope maybe in the
female version we will inaugurate just
with the daughter of Stefano Borgonovo
we approach the market there are still 15
days therefore means so much 15 days
for the market, however, here from here to
end of negotiations as a blow
really important you expect but me
I wait for a goalkeeper for the Florentine but
sorrentino should be sorrentino
it could also be a sommer from Basel
if the Swiss had to lower a
little pretensions
I expect from Milan all in all I believe
that it is still open maybe not for
play the going of the playoffs however within
2 September
I think that in the end the Milan will succeed in
make this more difficult
because there was a cold war there
with the Florentine, however, it is clear that
ac must renew if it does not renew becomes
it is also a problem to keep a game from one
deadline for the whole year like him
astoria naples I expect it in these
days and the inter according to me must do
yet another exterior may be
isla or ante and you represent a little
temptation for everyone until September 2nd
perhaps more to be premier than to
Italy and then there is to understand the Rome
what will he do if he really gives us the apple
la roma players are dealing entry
and exit with a big one
frenzy we hope these days
because it was a Rome that players like
lamela pjanic you can stay or of
interests are also responding to the
round of disc attackers who could
it started from Naples and not
just forever a player like what
which usually never wants to fight
narchy during the market this time
But is he who has expressed some the
want to go away to play what that
may be the last striker
days for signing or for teams
however maybe be that I don't feel like
one and then what every time it was
called into question has always done a lot
well
I don't think he'll leave to leave
the osvaldo to understand if to accept of
go to the southampton that is
continuing this courting him
it seems tonight that I have a little bit
open but this opportunity is time
however, as you said, you rightly
zapata attackers what a boy
dell'Estudiantes
right now it's between Naples and
stony is are are the men at
quagliarella moment this quailrella
offer from the Qatar that I sincerely
I thought of him not taking in
consideration says i know they don't
seriously his fabio is not there
is thinking
an offer
very important he told me economically in
qatar don't want to do a project
really special because there are i
world championships of 2022
so they always want to do better
bring more and more players
quagliarella can clamorously go
to play there